Doctor Fu, don't be angry.
In fact, Miss Xia is a good person
Good guy
Slap someone on the first meeting
Is there such a good person?
Miss Xia was involved in a car accident as a child
Blindness
He often comes to our hospital to see glasses
So I know him.
Although he was born into wealth
But he likes to do good.
Often help some poor people
Xiao Zhang, you are still too young
Many upper-class ladies do charity
It's not because they're kind.
But because of doing
It can attract more social attention
Enhance one's reputation
In my opinion, that Miss Xia is such a person
or
Organize a dinner another day
Let him apologize to you.
No, not even the most basic respect for people
I don't want to eat with people like that.
Did you hear?
Miss Xia saved someone
What's up?
A vase just fell from upstairs
Fortunately, Miss Xia stood up despite the danger
Otherwise, it will kill people
The man saved by Miss Xia
My wife is doing chemotherapy in our hospital
Miss Xia also gave them a sum of money
Let them heal with peace of mind
How about I say that Sister Xiaoxiao is not bad, right?
Then why did he hit me?
I provoked him. I provoked him.
This Miss Xia
It's really puzzling.